# Bubble Foader
#entry

👋 Welcome to my Foam Knowledge Base!

## Navigation

- [blog](dingyuchen.github.io) - This is where I keep my blog
- [[inbox]] - a place to write down quick notes to be categorised later
- [[todo]] - a place to keep track of things I want/need to do

### Modules
- [[module-5330]] - CS5330 Randomized Algorithms
- [[distributed-dyom]] - DYOM Distributed Systems
- [[module-2131]] - ST2131 Probability
- [[module-ma3110]] - MA3110 Mathematical Analysis 2
- [[module-ma2101]] - MA2101 Linear Algebra 2
- [[module-ma2104]] - MA2104 Multivariable Calculus
- [[module-ma3252]] - MA3252 Linear and Network Optimization

### Other Collections
- [[misc]]

## Making your own

This documentation assumes that you have a GitHub account and have [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) installed on your Linux/MacOS/Windows machine.

1. If you haven't yet, browse over to the main [Foam documentation workspace](https://foambubble.github.io/foam) to get an idea of what Foam is and how to use it.
2. Press "Use this template" button at [foam-gatsby-template](https://github.com/mathieudutour/foam-gatsby-template/generate) to fork it to your own GitHub account. If you want to keep your thoughts to yourself, remember to set the repository private.
   1. This creates a gatsby template instead of the vanilla one used by Foam. It supports backlinking and graph out of the box.
   2. Unfortunately, it does not allow nested subfolders (pending PR merge) and latex.
3. [Clone the repository to your local machine](https://help.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository) and open it in VS Code.

    *Open the repository as a folder using the `File > Open...` menu item.*

4. When prompted to install recommended extensions, click **Install all** (or **Show Recommendations** if you want to review and install them one by one)
5. Open [_layouts/gatsby-config.js](_layouts/gatsby-config.js) and edit the `pathPrefix` to be the name of the repository.

After setting up the repository, head to [[getting-started]] to get familiar with your new knowledge base!

To learn more about how to use **Foam**, read the [Recipes](https://foambubble.github.io/foam/recipes/recipes) bubbles of the Foam documentation workspace.

And remember that you can always join our  [Foam community on Discord](https://discord.gg/HV2tn2FpEk)!

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[inbox]: inbox "Inbox"
[todo]: todo "Todo"
[module-5330]: cs5330/module-5330 "Randomized Algorithms"
[distributed-dyom]: distributed-dyom/distributed-dyom "Distributed Systems"
[module-2131]: st2131/module-2131 "Probability"
[module-ma3110]: ma3110/module-ma3110 "Mathematical Analysis 2"
[module-ma2101]: ma2101/module-ma2101 "Linear Algebra 2"
[module-ma2104]: ma2104/module-ma2104 "Multivariable Calculus"
[module-ma3252]: ma3252/module-ma3252 "Linear and Network Optimization"
[misc]: misc/misc "Miscellaneous"
[getting-started]: getting-started "Getting Started"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
