# Combinatorial Analysis

## Principle of Counting
For independent events, the outcome space is the product of possible outcomes in each stage.

## Permutations of Arrangements
Arrangement of distinct objects:
$$n! = n \times (n - 1) \times (n - 2) \times... \times 2 \times 1$$

### Indistinguishable Elements
There are 
$$\frac{n!}{n_1! n_2! ... n_r!}$$
different arrangements of $n$ objects, of which $n_i$ are alike

Consider elements to be distinct, and remove the repeats.

## Combinations
Number of ways of selecting a subset given a set.
$$\binom{n}{r} = \frac{n!}{(n-r)!r!}$$

> Order is not important

### Distinct Groups
$$\binom{n}{r_1, r_2, r_3, ...} = \frac{n!}{r_1! r_2! r_3! ...}$$

represents the number of possible divisions of $n$ **distinct** objects into $r$ **distinct** groups.

#### Sum of Groups Constraint
There are $\binom{n-1}{r-1}$ distinct positive integer-valued vectors $(x_1, x_2, ..., x_r)$ satisfying 
$$\sum x_i = n$$
$$x_i > 0, \forall i$$

There are $\binom{n+r-1}{r-1}$ distinct non-negative integer-valued vectors $(x_1, x_2, ..., x_r)$ satisfying 
$$\sum x_i = n$$

> There can be 0

### Notes
- [[recursive-binomial-coefficients]]
- [[binomial-theorem]]
  - [[multinomial-theorem]]

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[recursive-binomial-coefficients]: recursive-binomial-coefficients "Recursive Binomial Coefficients"
[binomial-theorem]: binomial-theorem "Binomial Theorem"
[multinomial-theorem]: multinomial-theorem "Multinomial Theorem"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"